[Docs] .skyignore doc (#4114)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/examples/syncing-code-artifacts.rst

scripts, access checkpoints, etc.).

.. note::

>     See how to :ref:`exclude-uploading-files`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To exclude large files from being loaded, see :ref:`exclude-uploading-files`.
```

>   To exclude large files from being loaded, see :ref:`exclude-uploading-files`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To exclude large files from being uploaded, see :ref:`exclude-uploading-files`.
```

:ref:`SkyPilot bucket mounting <sky-storage>` to efficiently handle
large files.

.. _exclude-uploading-files:

Exclude uploading files
--------------------------------------
By default, SkyPilot uses your existing :code:`.gitignore` and :code:`.git/info/exclude` to exclude files from syncing.

Alternatively, you can use :code:`.skyignore` if you want to separate SkyPilot's syncing behavior from Git's.
If you use a :code:`.skyignore` file, SkyPilot will only exclude files based on that file without using the default Git files.

> You can place a :code:`.skyignore` file under either your workdir or file_mounts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Any :code:`.skyignore` file under either your workdir or source paths of file_mounts is respected.
```

:code:`.skyignore` follows RSYNC filter rules, e.g.

.. code-block::

>   # Files that match pattern under ONE directory

Reviewer: Do you mean ONE -> current?

  /file.txt
  /dir
  /*.jar
  /dir/*.jar

  # Files that match pattern under ALL directories
  *.jar
  file.txt

> Do NOT use ``.`` to indicate local directory (e.g. ``./file``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do _not_ use ``.`` to indicate local directory (e.g., instead of ``./file``, write ``/file``).
```
Please check if this is what you meant?
